welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
gothica
dr miranda gray halle berry is a
psychiatrist who works at the women's
ward of the woodward penitentiary
and has a car accident after trying to
avoid hitting a girl standing in the
middle of the road during a stormy night
she rushes to try to help the girl the
girl turns out to be a ghost who
possesses miranda's body
miranda wakes up as a patient in the
hospital where she works
and receives treatment from her
colleague dr pete graham
robert downey jr drugged and confused
miranda has no memory of what happened
after the car
accident she is horrified to learn that
her husband
douglas charles s dutton was brutally
murdered and that she is the prime
suspect
miranda heartily denies her involvement
in the attack
though she continues to be accused of
the murder even by her husband's best
friend
sheriff bob ryan john carroll lynch who
verbally assaults miranda and demands to
know why she killed her husband
while miranda copes with life in the
hospital the ghost uses her body to
carry out
tasks most noticeably carving the words
not alone into miranda's arm which leads
her former colleagues to believe miranda
is suicidal and is inflicting the wounds
on herself
as a patient miranda bonds with fellow
inmate and her own former patient
chloe sava penelope cruz
several times in sessions with miranda
chloe claimed that she'd been raped
while in the hospital
but she had always attributed these
stories to mental illness
one night the door to miranda's room in
the hospital is opened by the ghost that
has been haunting her when she passes
chloe's room in the hospital
she can hear the rape occurring and
momentarily sees a man's chest
pressed against the window the man's
chest bears a tattoo of an anima sola
realizes that chloe was not making up
these stories and
when she sees chloe the next day she
apologizes and the two embrace
chloe warns miranda that her attacker
said he was going to target miranda next
miranda begins regaining some of her
memories bit by bit and slowly comes to
remember killing her husband
she realizes that the ghost had used her
body to murder douglas
thus making miranda the patsy for his
murder which explains why all of the
physical evidence points to her
miranda along with pete tells the whole
story to hospital director phil parsons
bernard hill who also doesn't believe
her
as she leaves she sees a photograph of a
girl
in phil's office and recognizes her as
the ghost that possessed her
parsons tells her the girl is his
daughter rachel
who had committed suicide four years
earlier by jumping off the bridge where
miranda first encountered the ghost
after being viciously attacked by rachel
in her cell miranda escapes from the
hospital and begins seeking clues to the
mystery of why she killed her husband
she goes to her house and sees the
vision of doug's murder
realizing that she had killed her
husband while under rachel's possession
she remembers doug going to a farmhouse
in willow creek
rhode island earlier that day and
believes there might be a connection
there
however when she arrives at willow creek
the house is vacant
in the cellar of a barn she discovers a
room containing a blood-stained bed what
appears to be a box containing drugs
restraints and video equipment
she watches the tape that is still in
the camera and the viewer hears a woman
screaming in horror
in the final seconds of the video
douglas walks into the camera's shot
covers the woman's lifeless body with a
sheet and begins talking to the camera
at this point the police arrive and an
officer draws a gun on miranda as she is
holding a knife
miranda backs up to a staircase and an
injured girl
suddenly grabs hold of her from the
adjoining crawl space
the police rescue the girl but miranda
is taken to jail while in jail
miranda talks to phil telling him that
rachel's death was not
suicide and that she had been raped and
murdered by doug
miranda also believes that not alone
means that rachel was not doug's only
victim
sheriff ryan talks to miranda about how
she came to know these things and
miranda discovers that the real meaning
of
not alone is that there was a second
killer involved in the murders
using her experience as a psychiatrist
miranda builds a psychological profile
and realizes that sheriff ryan fits the
profile perfectly
he reveals himself to be the other
killer and attacks her
revealing his tattoo and ani masola
during the fight as ryan is about to
inject a syringe into miranda
the lights start to flicker and miranda
is able to turn the syringe on ryan
trucking him as he goes searching for
miranda
ryan under the influence of the drug
begins ranting that he and doug had
killed before
they then started secretly raping and
torturing women at willow creek
with rachel being their first victim
after firing his shotgun ryan causes a
gas leak in the police station and
as he sees rachel's ghost fires a shot
toward her which causes an explosion and
sets him ablaze
miranda then shoots and kills the
sheriff
pete just a few seconds later shows up
at the station
worried about miranda's safety after he
solved the mystery himself
he looks relieved to see miranda safe
and through the soundproof window mouths
the words
i'm sorry miranda approximately a year
later
miranda is seen walking with chloe on a
city sidewalk
discussing how each helped the other
come to terms with her experiences
miranda claims to be free of the ghost's
influence and
sends chloe off in a taxi miranda then
sees a young boy standing in the middle
of the road who appears as though he is
about to be struck by a fire truck
miranda yells for the boy to move but
after the fire truck passes through the
boy without harming him
she realizes he was only a ghost
as miranda walks away a poster with the
words
have you seen tim and a picture of the
same boy is shown taped to a pole next
to the street on which miranda is
walking
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe
and hit the bell notification for more
of these videos